20.0.0 (#407)
MetaMask/providers: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [20.0.0]

### Changed

> - **BREAKING**: `isConnected` that is now expected in the result of `metamask_getProviderState` and `metamask_chainChanged` events ([#404](https://github.com/MetaMask/providers/pull/404))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **BREAKING**: An `isConnected` boolean property is now expected in the result of `metamask_getProviderState` and `metamask_chainChanged` events ([#404](https://github.com/MetaMask/providers/pull/404))
```

- **BREAKING**: Interprets the provider's `networkVersion` value of `loading` to be null and for the `networkChanged` event to emit a null value ([#404](https://github.com/MetaMask/providers/pull/404))

> - **BREAKING**: Replaces the disconnect event/behavior when receiving the `loading` value for `networkVersion` with a check against `isConnected` instead ([#404](https://github.com/MetaMask/providers/pull/404))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **BREAKING**: The disconnect event is now tied to the new `isConnected` property instead of the `networkVersion` property. ([#404](https://github.com/MetaMask/providers/pull/404))
```

## [Unreleased]

## [20.0.0]

### Changed

- **BREAKING**: An `isConnected` boolean property is now expected in the result of `metamask_getProviderState` and `metamask_chainChanged` events ([#404](https://github.com/MetaMask/providers/pull/404))
- **BREAKING**: A `networkVersion` value of `loading` received by the `chainChanged` event handler is now interpreted to be null. In this case, the `networkChanged` event emits a null value as well. ([#404](https://github.com/MetaMask/providers/pull/404))
- **BREAKING**: The disconnect event is now tied to the new `isConnected` property instead of the `networkVersion` property. ([#404](https://github.com/MetaMask/providers/pull/404))

> - The `isUnlocked` boolean property of the `metamask_getProviderState` and `metamask_accountsChanged` event no longer causes the `accountsChanged` event to be emitted ([#405](https://github.com/MetaMask/providers/pull/405))

Reviewer: [nit]
```suggestion
- A change in the `isUnlocked` boolean property (from what is in state) of the `metamask_getProviderState` and `metamask_accountsChanged` event no longer causes the `accountsChanged` event to be emitted ([#405](https://github.com/MetaMask/providers/pull/405))
```
